now it came to pass after these things
that God tested Abraham Abraham Here I
am take now your son your only son Isaac
whom you love and go to the land of
Moriah and offer him there as a burnt
offering on one of the mountains of
which I shall tell you so Abraham rose
early in the morning and saddled his
donkey and took two of his young men
with him and Isaac his son and he split
the wood for the burnt offering and
arose and went to the place of which God
had told him and on the third day
Abraham lifted his eyes and saw the
place afar off and Abraham said to his
young man stay here with the donkey the
lad and I will go yonder and worship and
we will come back to you so Abraham took
the wood of the burnt offering and laid
it on Isaac his sons he took the fire in
his hand and a knife
and the two of them went together but
Isaac spoke to Abraham his father my
father here I had my son look the fire
and the wood but where is the lamb for a
burnt offering my son God will provide
for himself the lamb for a burnt
offering so the two of them went
together then they came to the place of
which God had told and Abraham built an
altar there and placed the wood in order
and he bound Isaac his son and laid him
on the altar upon the wood and Abraham
stretched out his hand and took the
knife to slay his son but the angel of
the Lord called to him from heaven
Abraham
Abraham Here I am do not lay your hand
in the ladder or do anything to him for
now I know that you fear God since you
have not withheld your son your only son
from me then Abraham lifted his eyes and
looked and there behind him was a ram
caught in a thicket by its horns so
Abraham went and took the RAM and
offered it up for a burnt offering
instead of his son and Abraham called
the name of the place the Lord will
provide as it is said to this day in the
mount of the Lord it shall be provided
then the angel of the Lord called to
Abraham a second time out of heaven by
myself I have sworn says the Lord
because you'll done this thing and I'm
not withheld your son your only son
blessing I will bless you and
multiplying I will multiply your
descendants as the stars of the heaven
and as the sand which is on the seashore
and your descendants shall possess the
gate of their enemies in your seed all
the nations of the earth shall be
blessed because you have obeyed my voice
sir Abraham returned to his young men
and they rose and went together to
Beersheba and Abraham dwelt at Beersheba
now it came to pass after these things
that it was told Abraham saying indeed
milker also has borne children to your
brother nay whole as his firstborn buz
his brother
Kim ul the father of Arum he said
heizo pill - Judith and the fewer and
the fuel begat Rebekah these eight milk
aborted Nahor Abraham's brother his
concubine whose name was rumor also
bought tiba gay ham Faye hash and merica
you